{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff16\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f16\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Edwardian Script ITC;}{\f17\fmodern\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609000101010101}DotumChe;}
{\f18\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}FranklinGotTDemCon;}{\f19\fmodern\fcharset129\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609000101010101}@DotumChe;}{\f183\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f184\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f186\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f187\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f188\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f189\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f190\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f192\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f193\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f194\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f195\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f196\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f198\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f199\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f200\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f287\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 DotumChe;}{\f285\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 DotumChe CE;}{\f286\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 DotumChe Cyr;}{\f288\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 DotumChe Greek;}{\f289\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 DotumChe Tur;}
{\f290\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 DotumChe Baltic;}{\f299\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @DotumChe;}{\f297\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @DotumChe CE;}{\f298\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @DotumChe Cyr;}{\f300\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @DotumChe Greek;}
{\f301\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @DotumChe Tur;}{\f302\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @DotumChe Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\sb240\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs28 
\sbasedon0 \snext16 Heading;}{\s16\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\s17\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 \sbasedon16 \snext17 List;}{\s18\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\f16 \sbasedon0 \snext18 caption;}{
\s19\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Index;}{\s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid2086427540\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0
\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\fbias1 \fi-360\li3375\jclisttab\tx3375 }{\listname ;}\listid829100671}{\list\listtemplateid69104578\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li3375\jclisttab\tx3375 }{\listname ;}\listid1779711543}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid829100671\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1779711543\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info
{\title                                                }{\author Bill Harper}{\operator Bill Harper}{\creatim\yr2013\mo5\dy17\hr14\min14}{\revtim\yr2014\mo1\dy20\hr13\min37}{\version11}{\edmins34}{\nofpages14}{\nofwords4285}{\nofchars24427}
{\*\company Ossian Studios}{\nofcharsws29998}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs44\cf6                                                
\par }{\cf6           }{\fs56\cf9 The Big Picture}{\b\f18\cf9    }{\b\i\f18\fs36\cf9 AI }{\b\i\f18\cf9 and  }{\b\i\f18\fs36\cf9 Enhancement }{\b\i\f18\cf9 Mod}{
\par }{\b\f18\cf6 
\par }{\cf6                            }{\i\f18\cf9 by}{\i\f18\cf6     }{\b\f18\cf6  }{\b\i\fs44\cf9 Horred the Plague}{
\par }{\b\i\fs44\cf6 
\par }{\f2\cf6      
\par }{\cf6      
\par      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Welcome to the Big Picture mod, for Baldur's Gate 2. First, a little history, and an explanation of what "BP" actually is.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287      BP actually started back on Devil's Night (October 30th), 2002. I had just gotten a new PC (my old one had 2.4 GB o\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
n two hard drives!, and 32 MB RAM). For months, I had been viewing the Read-Me's and advertised blurbs for the "big three" mods at the time: }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Darkest Day, Shadows over Soubar, and Tortured Souls. And drooling about them, }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 as I had no chance whatsoever \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
of fitting them on my diminutive HD. I vowed back then that I would get a better PC, and that I would play them "all together", or not at all...since I had waited so long to get the chance to experience them.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287      On that chilly October night, I posted in\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 the Team BG forums about my idea. Almost everybody thought I was insane---"That can't be done!" was the mantra of the day. One modder, however, was of a different opinion. Hlidskialf had been thinking precisely the same thing, and even had a couple of th
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 e\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  files set up for it. He sent me a PM of encouragement (I was still relatively a NooB to modding then), and an E-Mail with a small filepack.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 I contacted the individual mod-makers, and got mixed reactions of "go for it" to }{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 "you must be insane, you \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
can't do that!". They all graciously gave me the chance to try, however. I believe that they were curious if it could be done, as well. So, try I did, and the editors opened. Thus, BP was started.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6     }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Many months later, and 100's of posts in the forums go\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
t me some "outside interest". Progress was made, and it started to look like I could pull this off after all. I found I wasn't the only one interested in playing such a fusion, and continued requests from the gaming public convinced me to release the firs
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 t\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  public beta of BP (v121, or something like that). It was in IAP format, and an extremely buggy install. IAP was never meant to handle the multitude of files I fed it, and it showed.}{
\par }{\f18\cf6 
\par }{       }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 It was then that I got ahold of Grjgori, the innovative hex-coder\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  that had set up }{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 TDD's chitin.key file...hand-stitched. After several requests and outright begging, }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 I convinced him to make me a master key file for BP. I set about the task of making }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 the master tlk file. Weidu was still in a development stage, so most of the work had to be done manually. That included reassigning every line of text in SoS and TS}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 to fit the structure of BP's TLK file! (Things were so much easier, and more difficult, bac\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 k then...)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\cf6     }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 I also had several pieces of encouragement to "put my own stamp" on the package. }{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Out of this came the mini-region Horred's Lair, and of course, the BP AI system. }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 I had always found Bioware's \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
AI to be a little on the corny side; it was so easily defeated. After running my PC in a thousand circles around the party, enemy on their tails relentlessly as the party ripped them asunder--I got really bored with it all. I caught wind of groups such as
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
IEEAIS (Infinity Engine Enemy Artificial Intelligence Scripting), the group that had assisted David Gaider in the creation of Ascension. I met some of these pioneers of modernscripting, such as Gebhard Blucher and Kensai Ryu, got permission to use some of
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 their scripts and ideas, and improve on them in any way I could. I studied, and studied, and then got to work }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 on redoing the enemy AI.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287     The rest is probably well-known. BP grew and grew in popularity, as it improved. BP-BGT and BP-BGT-NEJ spinoff's ca\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
me into the Picture, and the game became a whole new homonculous! The enemy AI got better and better, and my hunches were right. The better it got, the more fun the game was to play (and re-play).I always tried to avoid the "cheese" tactics of Forcing spe
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 l\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
ls, and such...I wanted enemies to be on the same par level with PC's. This involved more upgrading to the NPC's than you would think! I also wanted to emulate the "human condition" in them; not make a set of "perfection-geared robotic types." BP's enemie
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 could make some tremendous decisions that caused great devastation to parties. A minute later, they could drop the ball and make a crucial mistake that could cost them their lives. Such is the way }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 of mankind, especially when put to the test.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6     }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 About a\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
 year or so ago, I finally came to the decision to break up the "BP franchise". Weidu had improved to such a point that it seemed inevitable. The number one (and rightfully so) criticism of BP had always been its clumbsy installation procedure. Since the 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 m\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 odders had individually requested that their works remain }{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 "individual", as was their right--I could not make the "one huge download" mod that was required to make this easier. Vlad had already made his first "TS-weidu", and it seemed that the other "big t
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
wo" had to follow suit. So I got back to work, and put out the first crude TDD-weidu and SoS-weidu versions. Luckily, I had attracted the interest of a couple of great coders, King Diamond and Ascension64. KD worked on improving the TDD and SoS packages, 
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 a\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 nd A64 picked up the baton and raced after BGT-weidu. I'm sure you are all aware of their resounding successes with these works. }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Let me reiterate it here: great job guys! You rule!}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287     But even with these fine version written, and installation turned int\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
o a "dream boat"--well, something just was missing. I thought about it, and it suddenly came to me. I missed the enemy AI, and all of the other little bells and whistles I had put into the game as I went along. Thus, BP-weidu was born.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287               }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6  }{
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\cf6 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par                      }{\b\i\fs52\cf9 The  mod itself, and its various components}{
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6     }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 BP-weidu has been broken down into a main component, and various sub}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 -}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 components. Sub}{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 -}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 components are "not necessarily"}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 dependent \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
on the core component, but it is highly encouraged to use. Installation is the same as any other weidu mod you'll encounter. Put the folder, execution, and tp2 file into your game folder, and run the execution (Setup-BP.exe). Answer "yes" or "no" to the v
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 a\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 rious components. You may also choose}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 a "higher level" install, installing all components at once.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 CORE }{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 BP "Core" AI/Enhancement Mod}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Required for most components. Not the huge all-in-one slam it used to be. This is simply Detectable Seplls and a fe\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 w BP-specific additions.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 GENERAL ENHANECEMENTS}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 GUI Switcher}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  This adds the BP GUI splash screen, in a format compatible with the GUI switcher mod (for most mega-mods).}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Add Bags and Magic Daggers to Stores}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  This simply adds a couple containers and +1 an\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 d +2 throwing daggers to a couple stores in SoA and ToB.}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Level-50 Ruleset}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  This installs rules necessary to reach level 50. Matches components in TDD and RoT, and detects if they}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
re installed already.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Custom Grandmastery}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Similar to other mods}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  workings\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 , this also adds the extra }{\fs20\cf9 
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u189\'a8\'f6}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  attack per round but cumulatively (another step at each proficiency tier).}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Halberds and Spears Extended Range}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  This extends stabbing range from 2 to 3, to account for their extra-long length.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 CREATURE ADDITIONS}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Animals}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Thi\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s makes affected animals a bit more intelligent, but not much more. They won}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
t always chase the same person ad-infinitum, and react to a few situations. A few minor tweaks here and there, to toughen them up a bit.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Beholders}{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\ul 
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Adds some spells and innate \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 abilities, plus tougher AI.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Demons & Devils}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Adds innate abilities and tougher AI. Including the wicked BP Telekinesis}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Dragons}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Enhancements to various dragon encounters throughout the land, not as wicked as the uber-powerful versions out there.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Drow}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Toughens up both creatures and encounters, adds their PnP innate abilities.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Duergar}{
\par }{\ul 
\par }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Irenicus Dungeon Only}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Adds the duergar innate abilities to only those in Jonny}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
s dungeon. Also adds some encounters, inc the sneaky exit of Illych}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Leave Dungeon Al\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 one}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Adds the wickedness elsewhere, but leaves the first dungeon alone}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Works:}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Adds the wickedness everywhere}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Elementals}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Toughens them up a bit, and adds a bit smarter AI inc Gebhard Blucher}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s summoners}{
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  scripts.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Generic Mages}{\b\ul 
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   A general toughening\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  of mages throughout SoA and ToB. Adds many spells, smarter AI, pre-combat buffing. Still has the BP }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8216\'a1\'ae}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 random-intelligent action}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 approach.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Generic Priest}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   A general toughening of clerics throughout SoA and ToB. Adds many spells, smarter AI, pre-combat bu\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ffing. Still has the BP }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8216\'a1\'ae}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 random-intelligent action}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 approach.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Generic Thieves}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  A general toughening of rogues throughout SoA and ToB. Adds smarter AI, including NPC trap laying, item usages, and other fun. Still has the BP }{
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8216\'a1\'ae}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 random-intelligent action}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 appro\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
ach. Does not include Shadow Thieves}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Githyanki}{\b\ul 
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Smarter AI, some psionic abilities, and general toughening of giths in SoA}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Golems}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   They still are dumb like automatons, but can throw rocks at you from distance.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Hellhounds}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Slightly smarter AI, and the \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 BP-exclusive fan-shaped breath weapon.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Humanoids}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Handles humanoids not covered  by the }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 class}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 components.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Knights and Paladins}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Smarter AI, a little toughening here & there. Proper clerical spell support, turning of player}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s undead summons, and other
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  treats.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Mind Flayers}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Based on Gebhard Blucher}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s component from Tactics. Strong psionicsa inc dimension dooring, blasrs, and other horrors.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Mists}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   The wicked BP mists w/ spelllike abilities and abilitiy to become incorporeal for brief times.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul 
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Sea De\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 vils:}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Sahuagin and Kuo Ta AI and creature enhancements. Includes boosts to encounters throughout the underdark.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Shadow and Wraith:}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Wicked BP enhancements. Spelllike abilities, inc ability to summon more shadows in some cases. Options include:}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Shade \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Lord Only}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Just beef up this encounter. Makes a tougher boss battle.}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Leave the Shade Lord Alone}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Skips the quesr zone, but beefs up shdaows in general. Could make the shade lord}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217
\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s supporting cast (pre-boss battle) tougher.}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Works:}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Beefs up all the s\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 hadows in the land}{
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Shadow Thieves}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Beefs up the shadow thieves you encounter; in some cases, with enemy trap laying.}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Includes the bunch you see in Jonny}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s dungeon, but doesn}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
t add the extra enemies of Mae Var encounter}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Trolls}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Troll enhancements, some\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  quite nasty. Some have ability to drain strength, and others can go incorporeal for a while. AI enhanced as well as general toughness.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Undead}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Gives the more powerful some innate spell ability to make them even more wicked of a negative }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 life force}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 
\uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 . Du\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 mb weak undead like zombies and skeletons not affected at all (maybe a slight bump in AI). Doesn}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 t touch wraiths, shadows or vampires.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Were Animals}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Makes tougher lycanthropes, inc enhancements and AI.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Generic Creature and Script Processing:}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Converts \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
enemies not handled above (and on a certain basic level, them too if not selected) to the BP generic enemy AI system. This is what you would remember of prior BP versions, but broken down to allow greater customizations. This, to be precise, is the }{
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 leftov\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ers}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 .}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Fewer On-Screen Shouts}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   BP adds a lot of enemy string heads, to make some of its choices clearer and to add in-game immersion. Some people don}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
t like it. This removes the bulk of them. A few might have slipped through the cracks, thus }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 fewer}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  inst\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ead of }{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 no shouts}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 .}{

\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ENCOUNTER ENHANECEMENTS}{\b\ul 
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Generic Enhancements}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This adds a few creatures here and there throughout the mod. Based on difficulty slider. Set to EASIEST you}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
ll have no additions. Whatever isn}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 t handled in the components below, from prio\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 r BP versions, is here.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Beholder Cult}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This adds more creatures to the beholder and cult side of the encounter, and toughens them up.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Vampire Encounters}{\b\ul 
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This includes AI and creature enhancements to vampires in general. It will beef up encounters\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 in the sections you choose to use it, as well as the creatures you find there. Choices of w/ and w/o Bodhi to allow other Bodhi-boosting mods if you so choose.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Copper Coronet and Slavers}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This was originally based on the Tactics component by Kensai Ryu,\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  but underwent further BP expansions over the years not limted to including the slavers at the sewer}{
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s end.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Brown Dragon}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Back by request! This is a slight touchup of Kensai Ryu}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s Difficult Brown Dragon mod.It will add a very tough encounter to the druid}{
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s grove, after the main battle.}{
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improved Crypt King}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\cf6 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287    }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 KR's greatly improved Crypt King encounter, with a few BP twists and enhancements thrown in for emphasis.}{\b\ul 
\par }{\b 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Drizzt Chapter 6 Encounter}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Some slight enhancements to make it more difficult if you decid\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 e to double-cross Drizzt.}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Druidic Improvements}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Enhances spells and AI. Adds pre-combat buffing and full support for NPC druidic shapeshifting amongst other improvements. Adds the BP-original Animate Tree spell, also usable by players (7}{\super 
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 th}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  level Druidic)\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 . Adds a random encounter on the worldmap as well, support to the druid}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s grove encounter/quest}{\emdash }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 depending on your choices.}{
\par 
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Including Druid}{\ul \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s Grove:}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 Encounter addition as well as Druid grove surprises}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Druid Encounter Only:}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Leaves the grove alone, but \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 adds the random encounter}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Druid Spell Only:}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Just adds the Animate Tree spell}{
\par 
\par }{\b\ul \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Treant Encounter}{
\par }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   A post-grove enhancement if you chose the evil path. Teaches you not to mess w/ Mother Nature.}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Gnome Fighter/Illusionist in the Docks}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Yet another Kensai Ryu enhancement (is it obvious I liked his work?). This one add a tough little gnome to a building in the docks. He packs a few surprises for the unwary adventurer.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Hell Trials}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Some assorted enhancements to the creatures and encounter\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s in this latter stage of the game.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Horred}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s Lair}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   A BP-original, there is a series of two keys found in regular encounters that can open an otherwise-hidden lair. Each will let you into a level of Horred}{\fs20\cf9 
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s Lair, the latter initiating combat with Horred \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 the Plague (son of Orcus). Loosely ties into the Wand of Orcus component}{\fs20\cf9 

\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improved Kangaxx}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Another of Kensai Ryu's classics. This component greatly increases the difficulty of the Kangaxx encounter, including the dreaded demilich. }{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Kuroisan, the Acid Kensai}{
\par }{\b\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\cf9    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Another of Weimer's classics}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  from the Tactic mod, except this installs nicer}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
. This adds a formidable kensai with a severe case of }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 "katana envy". Like his name applies, he specializes in acid warfare.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Lich in the Docks}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 KR \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
wasn't the only modder with an affinity for the Docks district! Gebhard Blucher added this little treat, as well. The otherwise useless building near the shadow thief complex now has a nasty lich (and his crew) for denizens. Enter at your own risk!}{
\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Mae Var}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Based on the Tactics component of the same name, but less }{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
cheating}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 powers and more AI-based }{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8220\'a1\'b0}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 honest}{
\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8221\'a1\'b1}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  challenge. Also adds a couple of cronies for Mae Var}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s protection.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Nalia Quests}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This component is primarily improvements and encounter enhanc\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ements for Roenall keep, Nalia}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 
\uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s invaded home. Note that this does not impart the special BP abilities of Trolls and Golems components, just beefs up the creature files a little and smartens the AI.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Tavern Brawl (Seven Veils)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This makes the little brawl\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  in the upper floor of the Seven Veils inn a bit tougher.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Planar Prison}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This component improves and toughens the Planar Prison quest of Haer Dalis.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Planar Sphere Improvements (with Tolgerias)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Not to be confused with Planar Prison, this is difficulty \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
improvements to the Planar Sphere in the Slums district. It includes the tougher Tolgerias component of BP, as well as the Lavok encounter improvements. It should be fully compatible with the Planar Sphere mod resurrected by Hlidskialf years ago. }{
\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improve\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 d Random Encounters}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\cf6 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287    }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
This is a fusion of two modders' fine works; Gebhard Blucher and (who else?) Kensai Ryu. Blucher made a fine city encounters component, and KR a wilderness system. Here, the two are put together for your "convenience".A couple BP-ex
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 clusive encounters have been thrown on top. Enjoy!}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Red Badge Poison-Based Encounter}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\cf6 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287    }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Believe it or not, a couple of the "Tactics components" in BP actually did come from Tactics (}{
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 others}{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  were taken from the original sources). This is Westley Weimer's de\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
vious encounter with a group of poison-worshippers. You can try to hold your breath, but it's a long fight...}{\b\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 The Ritual}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\cf6 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287    }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Still another of Weimer's mods, this adds a unique encounter to the W\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
atcher's Keep region. You must deal with this strange cult, disrupting their dark ritual that will threaten the safety of Athkatla and perhaps Faerun. Trust nobody in the scenario, especially the man that hires you. But he is at least nice enough to warn 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 y\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 ou of this!}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improved Small Teeth Pass}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 This is the}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  same}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Mike Barnes}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
 component you'll find in the Tactics mod, but redon\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
e in such a way that it does not overwrite such other mods as TDD. It brings a few nasty dragons into the region. In BP's version, the amount of dragons is loosely controlled by the difficulty slider bar.}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 NOTE: Contradictory to prior news, this mod does NO\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 T contain the improved Brown Dragon mod by Kensai Ryu}{\fs20\cf9 \emdash }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 just parts of it (shouldn}{\fs20\cf9 
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 t add any dragons, just supporting AI).}{
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\b\ul 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improved Spellhold}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   This adds general BP-style enhancements to the creatures and encounters of Brynnlaw and Spellhold Asylum (and give\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s you choices of which to choose).}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ITEMS:}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\b\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 A cause for many headaches over the years...}{\b\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 I finally seperated this from the basic enhancements! }{\b\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 This component adds a nice twist to the Asylum. Irenicus will actually take away your precious gear when you a\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
re "checked in". This is really just logical, and follows suit with his behavior in his Athkatla complex. It also makes you think, and plot your next step, while surviving the challenges below. Bohdi has already been stepped up in challenge in the core co
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 m\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 ponent, and she also recruits a few charmed shadow thieves for a nice ambush at the onset.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287    Fret not; when you pass the challenges, you'll be given ample opportunity to regain your plundered gear; before the fight with Irenicus if you wish it. It will be\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 safely locked away in the office desk.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 WARNING!: }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 This component might cause you issues, if you have item mods installed. }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Items }{\i\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 will be dropped on the floor instead of tucked }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 safely }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 into the desk. }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 If you}{\i\fs20\cf9 
\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 re using item mods I do not recommend this. Use SCSII}{\i\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
s version instead, it}{\i\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s more universal. BP}{\i\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
s version is safe with TDD, SoS, and TS (as part of the original BP).}{\i\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Options (New):}{\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Spellhold Enhancements Only}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Only adds the improvements to Spellhold (d\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
isappearing items, creature additions) **NO ITEM TAKING**}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Chapter Four Enhancements}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
: Beefs up the Brynnlaw side of the mod, but leaves Spellhold alone in case you want a different mod in its place. **NO ITEM TAKING**}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287   }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Works}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : Improves both Brynnlaw a\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 nd Spellhold **NO ITEM TAKING**}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 (NEW in b3003): }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Spellhold Only, with Item Taking}{\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287                 }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Works, with Item Taking}{\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Improved Suldanessallar}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 A BP-original, this adds some level of \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
difficulty to the city of Suldanessallar (pre-Tree of Life). Many new creatures have joined the forces of darkness, including a fierce red dragon. This dragon will fly overhead and "bomb" you periodically  as you pass through the city. You'll have your ch
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 a\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 nce for revenge. The dragon comes in for a landing after you defeat the existing black dragon.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Tanners Quest}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Enhancements and improvements to the Tanner}{\fs20\cf9 \loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
s quest in the Bridge District. Also includes an additional encounter by modder Jacky-O, made exclus\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ively for BP.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Trademeet}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Some improvements to the initial encounter as well as the intrigue between the household groups, should you choose to fight them.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Wand of Orcus}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 My first mod ever! Included for nostalgia sake, as well as being pretty nifty. I\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
t adds the pnp classic rod of the demon prince to a specific location in the game. The wand has some rather powerful abilities }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 and }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
penalties; including a slight chance of summoning the Wand's previous owner--Prince Orcus himself!!! Perhaps he has come to c\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 ongratulate you on your deft usage}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 of his fine weapon....}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Windspear Hills }{
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Toughens up encounters throughout the region, including ones inside of Firkraag}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
s Lair. Note that this does not toughen up Firkraag himself}{\emdash }{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 you can do that with BP}{\loch\af17\hich\af16\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s Dragons compon\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
ent, or another mod of your choice.}{
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Xvart Village}{
\par }{\b\fs20\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
This is a comeback from classic BP-BGT, where the Xvart Village was a "bonified Village". Brought back by popular request.Lotsa the nasty little blue buggers to contend with. Newest for \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 this version: set it up more like a}{
\b\ul \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 "Tutu spawn"; the amount will vary by number in party, average level of party, and a random consideration.}{\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  Not offered in BGT is not installed.}{

\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 TOB IMPROVEMENTS}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Watchers Keep}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   Toughens up encounters and creatures throughout the keep, except specific creatures covered in another component (generic demons, mages, Demogorgon, etc).}{\fs20\cf9 

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f16\fs20\ul\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ToB Improvements}{
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287   General enhancements to creatures and encounters throughout the ToB side of the\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 game. Does not include the Keep, or other creature improvements handled elsewhere.}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Some occasional files might cross over between this and the various Improved parts of Ascension, but for the most part mutually exclusive.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Ascension}{
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 One of my favorite\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  mods from the early days, reproduced and improved upon with David Gaider's permission.}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Most improvements take}{\fs20\ul\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 the}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 form of bug-fixes}{
\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 (broken Object.IDS entries, to be precise). I wished to keep as much of the original content intact as possible.}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Plus, addi\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
tions to STATS.ids to improve AI intelligence even more. Only requires the BP core component, which as previously stated is nothing more than DS w/ a couple BP additions. As light as it gets, until a new stable standalone version is released.}{\fs20\cf9 

\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Improved (As\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 cension Parts)}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
  These include the original Ascension AI augmented by BP as above. Some noteworthy changes are the throwing boulders for giants and some loose changes for Sendai quest compiled into an Improved Sendai component.}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 PLEASE KEEP IN MIND:}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\cf6    }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
This is by no means a finished product. I have decide to release the (stable) BETA package due to an overwhelming need. The rest of the mods that were formerly a "part of BP" have made significant advancements thanks to the weidu utility. Diehard fans of 
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 B\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 
P were still installing the old, unsupported version of these mods; dealing with the clumbsy install, old bugs, and little assistance. This release will officially eliminate the need for the "old mods", bringing your install to a "100% weidu" status. Comp
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 a\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 tible with all the latest versions of your favorite mods.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287    We finally got the 2000+ overwriting files converted to modern weidu. Many other old-code parts were similarly converted. Most of this is thanks to the BP Crew, who handled it in my absence.}{\fs20\cf9 

\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
  I will continue work on BP after this release, as the goal is a 100% modern installation as split up as possible. Also planned are some massive script rennovations (they work fine right now, but I always think they could be "a little better". An obsessi
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
e trait, this...) Updates will come in the form of new editions, not patches. I will release a new version when I feel enough progress has been made, or something significant has either been developed or is needed (for example, a game-crashing bug that my
\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287  \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 testers and I somehow missed--not that I think there are any...).}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 CREDITS:}{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 I have decide to leave the credits from classic BP seperate from this document, and concentrate on those that helped specifically with this modernized version. Otherwise, this\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 document could double in size!}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
KingDiamond: Number one in my list of credits. His formidable programming skills and generosity have made this project possible. I would have thrown in the towel on numerous occasions were it not for his assistance.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Yacomo\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 : For his artwork that comprises the new BP GUI Startscreen.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 The Beta Testing Crew: We've been at this a long time (due to a few month's absence on my part...). }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 I'll try to list the crew in order of appearance in the workshop forums), rather than in orde\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
r of assistance. This way, I don't make distintions. I assure you, some were more helpful than others, but they know who they are...}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Hlidskialf         AmazingGameGuru          Mythrandar          Seifer            Ascension64        SirBillyBob         \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
     Ronin69hof          Jyzabyl             Chevalier          ScuD                     TheWizard           Seanas                   Paktu              Reiner                   BPFan               SimDing0           }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Sir Kalthorine     SirLancelot        \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287       SConrad             Weigo}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Turambar           Miloch                   GeN1e               Anomaly}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Dannyb1166         blento}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 If your name i\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 s not included, I apologize. This list spans many years of development, and forgetting only takes a moment. Just remind me, and maybe I}{\fs20\cf9 
\loch\af17\hich\af17\dbch\f17 \uc2\u8217\'a1\'af}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 ll remember to add it next time (just being honest, I intend to but often forgetful).}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Some people were of great assista\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 nce, and others were "simply there". I do not wish to make any distinction, because anybody who lifted a finger deserves my thanks. }{\fs20\cf9 

\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 Special Thanks to:}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 You, the fans: For your ongoing support of the BP project. Without you, BP would be naught but a pile o\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 f files on my own PC.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par 
\par }{\fs36\cf9 Cheers! And happy gaming!
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\b\fs36\cf9 Horred the Plague }{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs28\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Change}{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287  }{\b\fs28\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Log}{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 :}{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v.181 (public beta stages)}{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     General installer fixes}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Added Generic Vampires component}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Made Spellhold item taking an optional component}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Added Br\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 own Dragon (revival)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Added Hell Trials}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Tested every component as standalone as possible, no installer errors}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Started Major AI overhaul }{\fs20\cf9 \endash }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287    first stage, general cleanup/prep (done)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }\pard \li3015\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 -  second stage, reworked targeting blocks (done)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 -\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li3375\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx3375{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnindent3375\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
third stage, overhauling conditional blocks (waiting on function from BG2EE)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 -\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li3375\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx3375{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnindent3375\pnhang{\pntxtb -}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
fourth stage, cleanup (waiting on third stage)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v4600 (Beginning of the end)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Cleaned up installer, deleted old unneeded files here & there}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Worked out compatability \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 w/ BP Series. I could install either order}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Installs clean on BG2EE. I offer NO guarantees AT ALL, beyond this. Self-support only, be warned.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Updated to WeiDu v235}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Fixed all reported bugs (or tried to)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Added all submitted translation\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287  updates}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287       Separated encounters into BP originals, Tactics snippets, and }{\fs20\cf9 \lquote }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 other modder}{\fs20\cf9 \rquote }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
 contributions}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs18\cf9 
\par v4601 Quick hotfix for BP and BP Series compatability
\par v4602 Another quick hotfix for BP \endash  BP Series compatability. Sorry!!!
\par 
\par v4610 Fixes for bugs reported in Weimer\rquote s Tactics install
\par            Tested and working on a BG2EE install
\par            Fixes for blatant errors noticed in BP components while testing
\par               ---Those who didn\rquote t turn hostile when hearing a shout
\par               ---Tolgerias encounter works as intended (at last)
\par               ---Lavok can die (at last)
\par               ---The troll in Spellhold w/ the troll head can be killed (at last)
\par            A few (very few) script revisions and enhancements/cleanup
\par            Other details I forgot, and didn\rquote t record
\par            
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v.181}{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par }{\fs28\cf9 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20\cf9 {\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Years of ove\hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
rhauls. Modernization of code by BP crew, splitting into 70+ components by yours truly. Many little change in-between, far too many to document}{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16 {\fs20\cf6 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v.177:}{\b\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\cf9     }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Numerous bugfixes reported in the forums, corrected. Thanks to all that cared enough to report!}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\cf9      Thousands of creatures converted to proper weidu coding. }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 Special thanks to Intox}{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 , for writing a fine Python program to aut
\hich\af287\dbch\af0\loch\f287 omatically convert the raw files to weidu code! Only a couple hundred more to sort through. This will have many positive effects (the "strings messed up" issue, and compatability with DefJam, to mention a couple).}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287      Removed a couple animations that BP \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 
wasn't actually using. MBBR creature animation also removed. (I should remove the (currently unused) driders as well, but I'd rather find a more proper usage for them instead...:whistling:)}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287      Added the German Translation of BP, written by Leonardo Wats\hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 on.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287      Weidu v192 seems to make for a stable install....Thanks, TheBigg!}{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\b\cf9 
\par }{\b\cf9 \hich\af287\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v.176:}{\b\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf6 
\par }{\cf6      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 Removed the accidental dependency on BGT-weidu.Changed all shoutids entries to numerical values, due to major issue with Weiduv190. Hopefully v191 has solved this.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299  \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299   }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\cf9   }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 EDIT}{\b\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 :}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 
The problem has been halfway fixed in weiduv191. If you "beat on" the installer enough, it can break. However, the worst that will happen is a big mess of parse errors. The scripts will run as they were written in-game, and will appear as normal
\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  in an editor. The installer does NOT shut down.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299   Cleaned up some bad hex-patch code I found on a few creature files.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\cf6      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 Removed "AT_INTERACTIVE_EXIT ~Setup-GUI.exe~" (the part of the program that ran the GUI Switcher) from the core componen\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 
t. Seems that several people "could not resist"installing it (even though their install was not finished), then put a bunch of other mods on top, and marveled when weidu did a mass uninstall when they switched GUI components. I'm washing my hands of the w
\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 h\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 ole affair.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\cf6      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 All components can be installed seperately from the BP core component, except Wand of Orcus. It is not offered, if BP core is not present. This includes Ascension!}{\fs20\cf6 
\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{
\par }{\cf1    }{\b\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 NOTE}{\b\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 :}{\fs20\cf1 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299   }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 Much of the package will not make sense wi
\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 thout BP, even though it}{\fs20\cf1 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 installs. }{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299 You can narrow this down tremendously by installing the BPDetectStatsv2 program, }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 or Scriptable Spells v3}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 (same thing, basically)}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\cf9 
\hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 from}{\fs20\cf1 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\ul\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 Gibberlings 3}{\fs20\cf6 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 modsite before doing this.}{
\fs20\cf6 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299  }{
\par }{\i\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299    I\hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299 f you plan on installing BP core afterwards, go ahead and skip the Detectable Stats package. All should be rectified at game-time.}{\i\fs20\cf9 
\par 
\par }{\cf9      }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af0\loch\f299 Made the ReadMe file into uni-color, as some people complained of optical stress.}{
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299 v.175:}{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299      Public BETA (re-)releas\hich\af299\dbch\af19\loch\f299 e; first weidu version.}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287 v.161g:}{\b\fs28\cf9 
\par }{\fs20\cf9 \hich\af16\dbch\af17\loch\f287     Last pre-weidu version}{\fs20\cf9 
\par }}